README.md, before:

# Essential Dynamic Library
![](https://github.com/DevTRUCKer/Essential-Dynamic-Library/blob/master/edl_logo.png?raw=true)

EDL is just a helper extension for GMS2.

It's very useful for working outside the sandbox... it was fun making this extension!

Every function in this library is very easy to use.

Also please give feedback if you found bugs or want more guides, more features or you found mistakes or... typo?

You can work with filesystem.

Also you can control your window, most window functions not only used for your game window it also can work with other windows, but keep in mind that some windows uses a different styles so it may not work with it.

And there is a lot more i can tell you... but am so lazy for that go check by yourself the example project it has a guide note!

If i update the library the project will be updated too!

Keep in mind for now i tested it on Windows 10 x64 so please tell me if it is working for you.

And i don't have linux or MacOS so if you really want support for those tell me and i will try to learn and code for them with no testing but you will be the testor okay...!

The download section "Releases" you will always see four files.

1- Essential.Dynamic.Library.Demo.v$-$-$.zip
Like you see it say's Demo that mean it's just an example program to see what this extension can do, all you need is just extract it to folder and run the EDL.exe that's it.

2- Essential.Dynamic.Library.Project.v$-$-$.zip
This is the Source Code project in GMS2 i was using the latest Beta release but i changed to Stable but it will always work with Beta.

3- Essential.Dynamic.Library.v$-$-$.yymps
The Package all you need is just drag and drop it to your game to import it and all done you can now use the extension and delete any unnecessary things like objects or rooms.

4- Essential.Dynamic.Library.v$-$-$.yyz
This is the same as the project .zip but exported as .yyz file.

And about the source code section i will include it later...

If you want to know the story of how i made this extension click on this link.

https://forum.gamemaker.io/index.php?threads/essential-dynamic-library.111349/

Thanks [fadziljusri](https://github.com/fadziljusri) for the [hijri date calculation](https://github.com/fadziljusri/Cplusplus-Gregorian-to-Hijri) ヾ(^▽^*)).

Also am using [nlohmann/json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json)

Have fun~ (o゜▽゜)o☆.

Commit message:

README.md
my life is limited but it's fine 😊

README.md, after:

# Essential Dynamic Library
![](https://github.com/DevTRUCKer/Essential-Dynamic-Library/blob/master/edl_logo.png?raw=true)

EDL is just a helper extension for GMS2.

For windows platform only.

It can work for any GMS version but not the legacy one because i didn't test it.

It's very useful for working outside the sandbox... it was fun making this extension!

Every function in this library is very easy to use.

Also please give feedback if you found bugs or want more guides, more features or you found mistakes or... typo?

You can work with filesystem.

Also you can control your window, most window functions not only used for your game window it also can work with other windows, but keep in mind that some windows uses a different styles so it may not work with it.

And there is a super mega lot more... go check demo for testing or the project it has a guide note!

Every function have it's description/guide and examples.

If i update the library the project will be updated too!

Keep in mind for now i tested it on Windows 10 x64 so please tell me if it is working for you.

The download section "Releases" you will always see four files.

1- Essential.Dynamic.Library.Demo.v$-$-$.zip
Like you see it say's Demo that mean it's just an example program to see what this extension can do, all you need is just extract it to folder and run the EDL.exe that's it.

2- Essential.Dynamic.Library.Project.v$-$-$.zip
This is the Source Code project in GMS2 i was using the latest Beta release but i changed to Stable but it will always work with Beta.

3- Essential.Dynamic.Library.v$-$-$.yymps
The Package all you need is just drag and drop it to your game to import it and all done you can now use the extension and delete any unnecessary things like objects or rooms.

4- Essential.Dynamic.Library.v$-$-$.yyz
This is the same as the project .zip but exported as .yyz file.

If you want to know the story of how i made this extension [click here](https://forum.gamemaker.io/index.php?threads/essential-dynamic-library.111349/).

Thanks [fadziljusri](https://github.com/fadziljusri) for the [hijri date calculation](https://github.com/fadziljusri/Cplusplus-Gregorian-to-Hijri) ヾ(^▽^*)).

Also am using [nlohmann/json](https://github.com/nlohmann/json)

Have fun~ (o゜▽゜)o☆.
